(a)
What is a virtual function? How does super work in SV/C++?
(b)
Write an example showing inheritance and polymorphism with virtual functions.
(c)
Implement a Singleton class in SystemVerilog (only one instance can ever be created).

In SystemVerilog, if you use `disable fork`, it disables ALL concurrent child processes. How do you disable only ONE specific fork branch without killing the others?

## Verilog IO Operations
similar to C, there is $fopen, $fscanf, $fdisplay, $fwrite, $fclose

$display, $monitor, $strobe	Prints the specified message or value to the console or waveform viewer during simulation.
$fopen, $fscanf, $fclose	File operations to open, scan lines and close files
$random	Generates a random value within the specified range.
$stop, $finish	Simulation termination commands to stop/exit execution
$readmemb, $readmemh	Reads memory contents from a file into a Verilog array.

module tb;
	// Declare a variable to store the file handler
	integer fd;

	initial begin
		// Open a new file by the name "my_file.txt"
		// with "write" permissions, and store the file
		// handler pointer in variable "fd"
		fd = $fopen("my_file.txt", "w");

		// Close the file handle pointed to by "fd"
		$fclose(fd);
	end
endmodule

module tb;
	reg [8*19:0] str;
	reg [3:0] a, b;


	initial begin
		a = 4'hA;
		b = 4'hB;

		// Format 'a' and 'b' into a string given
		// by the format, and store into 'str' variable
		$sformat(str, "a=%0d b=0x%0h", a, b);
		$display("%0s", str);
	end
endmodule

## Delta Simulation Time
Delta delay is a special type of delay in Verilog, which is used to model the execution of hardware events that take zero simulation time. It is also known as zero delay.

In Verilog, the delta delay is the smallest delay that can be specified. It represents the smallest unit of simulation time in Verilog. A delta delay can occur when an event is triggered immediately after the completion of the current statement. In this case, the simulation engine does not advance the simulation time, as there is no actual delay between the two events. Instead, the simulation time stays the same, and the event is executed in a single simulation time step.

Delta delay is used to model combinational logic and some types of synchronous logic that do not introduce any delay between input and output. For example, when an input signal changes, a combinational block may immediately process this input and produce an output, with no delay.

## Inferring Latches
Inferring latches can occur when a designer does not assign a value to a signal under every possible condition.


## Signals update first, then variables. 

## Why is it necessary to list all inputs in the sensitivity list of a combinational circuit ?
It is necessary to list all input signals in the sensitivity list of a combinational circuit in Verilog because the sensitivity list specifies the events that will cause the corresponding always block to execute.

